this is this wonderful fake and
sometimes sometimes there are ducks
there I don't think the camera cute
little fish well there that I can't
really tell right now but we can pretend
is not a lie oh I just walked into a
thorn well you're making this very
interesting so those I'm she's gonna
pick the flowers I was gonna go pick the
flowers tears I guess it still think I'm
good yes you keep the flower in purple
flower for purple camera yes apparently
put in my hair
she's she's she's singing over there I'm
particularly sure why but 250 inches
away my brain doesn't know how far it's
slightly less than the distance of a
football field just think the populace
300 feet so it's not that far let's go
not very far well I guess they always
seem bigger on TV didn't they really are
in person yeah follow the arrow Katie
wow I can freeze the Whipple's golf ball
get up if I can get to it many
adventures in geocaching that we
experience you should put it into the
geocache sure why not can have it for
always so so are we filming the actual
thing we're going to stop when we get
there oh I don't care really okay I'm
still it there's nothing
okay take this and throw this out when
we get back cash any trash out think
they're going the right way you're
picking the hard way to go I'm gonna go
this way and see what happens that
really isn't that way to go but I guess
you wouldn't always know that I'm
footing been here before and look you
can see them they're going the hard way
there's actually a second trail that
we're going to go down and it's easier
this out here sort of more of its
opening in the trees rain and usually I
really wouldn't recommend is a bit flip
flops so the general note
wait whoa my gonna passes yet by George
I think she's got looking for could be
impressed with that camera okay I got it
every time we're here it's better hidden
I know this is our sir what fourth time
here I think so now we hit it and made a
good tag it again I'm mb came here by
George she's got it she's falling oh
she always falls ok you can have
this wiffle ball it opens on every side
by the way that's complicated only for
you ok right now yes ok I'll hold your
tongue thing you been to it I'm falling
this is not good how did you guys feel
here I see mom was here with her H&R
Block do you always engage our blog
sucky creeper Oh somebody looks a thing
why keep it in golf balls Aniki I want a
thing ocean or wine what thing what
thing tells me nothing is new the cotton
little card thing the nanny was around
with that goony nanny was here she has
her own calling card creeper
Oh phone card yeah what day is it today
for something or so 29 what else was in
here or days to 2500 so much someone was
here today someone was here today and
that is our wonderful geocaching
adventure so I hope you enjoy us finding
our stuff so what was